Fields browser is causing all field types to display as the "unknown" (#3376)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.8.asciidoc

==== Known issues

* Setting the `max_signals` value higher than the {kibana-ref}/alert-action-settings-kb.html#alert-settings[`xpack.alerting.rules.run.alerts.max`] value will lead to rule failure.

> * All field types in the the **Fields** browser display as unknown field types.

Author: ```suggestion
* All field types in the the **Fields** browser display as the `unknown` field type.
```

> * All field types in the the **Fields** browser display as the `unknown` field type.

Author: Unknown might need to be capitalized.

> * All field types in the the **Fields** browser display as the `unknown` field type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All field types in the **Fields** browser appear as `unknown`.
```
If you know of any more context such as a work around or anywhere else people should look instead, it might be helpful, but otherwise this LGTM.

Author: Unfortunately there's no workaround for this one :( It should be fixed in the next patch though.
